c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\KeymatchTest.exe
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\KeymatchTest.pdb
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\KeymatchTest.exe.CodeAnalysisLog.xml
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\KeymatchTest.exe.lastcodeanalysissucceeded
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\Skins\MainSkin.baml
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\KeymatchTest_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\KeymatchTest_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\KeymatchTest.g.resources
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\KeymatchTest.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\KeymatchTest.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\KeymatchTest.exe
c:\users\mmcdonald\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\obj\Debug\KeymatchTest.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.SharpZipLib.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Analyzers.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Core.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.FastVectorHighlighter.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Highlighter.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Memory.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Queries.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Regex.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SimpleFacetedSearch.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Snowball.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SpellChecker.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.dll
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\CsvHelper.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Analyzers.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Analyzers.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Core.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Core.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.FastVectorHighlighter.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.FastVectorHighlighter.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Highlighter.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Highlighter.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Memory.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Memory.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Queries.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Queries.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Regex.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Regex.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SimpleFacetedSearch.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SimpleFacetedSearch.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Snowball.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Snowball.xml
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SpellChecker.pdb
C:\Users\mmcdonald\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KeymatchTest\KeymatchTest\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.SpellChecker.xml
